Zhang Qiang
Do you dare to take a gamble ah hum if I win
Broken the hand you just hit me with
Brother Qiang is so exciting, you can bet with him
Sure, if I win
Just pull out your dog eyes and throw them on the ground
Step on it and hear it
Xu Tao, didn't you just tell me to ignore him?
Let's go, little boy
I was just talking nonsense
How to talk is pee
Only the smell doesn't count.
Whoever drives it with a high value will forget it.
Do you dare to choose a piece each?
Your security guard's eyes are too small
I don't want such a small dog eye anymore.
No money
The boss picked the biggest one for me.
Stone, are you out of money?
I can pay for you first.
All my money is given to my company
I really need you to pay for me.
Well, Mr. Wang
Everyone else raises little white faces
How do you raise a stinky security guard?
And a one-eyed security guard
I'm afraid I can't even look at the door
Hey wait I'll drive it myself
Yo, it's going to start again.
Is he really an expert?
What the hell, you hurry up and open it for me
3 million I took 3 million
Boss, what about mine?
Yours is just a pure stone.
Security master, you are really discerning
Hey boss boss
I look down on people
I just didn't know Taishan
I just didn't listen to your advice.
Please help me choose another piece.
Can you help us choose a piece?
Stop blocking this movement
Do you have me?
Thank you thank you thank you thank you